---
layout: post
title: "Meeting Minutes: May 13th"
categories: minutes
---

# Forum Topics

## Jitsi and Zoom 

Everyone - The start of today's meeting started with a discussion about Zoom and Jitsi and Discord for future COSI meetings.

## No jsh and yes there's a meeting tonight

Chris & Fortan & ~jsh - Noted

## What are people's summer CS plans?

Chris - Couple minutes to talk about our plans this summer

# Lightning Talk

## A Makefile Talk (With stuff prepared beforehand)

Cameron - Make

## ??

Chris & Andy - Who is the best mahoney?

# Project Updates

## polymorphic instructions

Caleb - More work on polymorphic programs, this time with instructions!

# Announcements

# After Meeting Slot


