---
layout: post
title: "Meeting Minutes: March 11th"
categories: minutes
---

# Forum Topics

## Feature requests for new talks/ (if you see this, add your ideas to wishlist/)

Reece - Reece is working on talks/ for MP* and is taking requests for improvements.

## windows9 update and voting

Chris - Window's 9 is not finished and needs more photos.

## COSI & COVID-19

Chris - Moving cosi meetings online and google hangouts and preparing the infastructure for not 

## Marc Compeau Interview 6pm

Copper & Jsh * Fortan - 

## Papa John's Day of Reckoning

Papa John - Chris (me) is the new lab director

## Once a month? Once a semester? remote student attendance

Jeanna - Some alumni are interested in being a part of the COSI meetings

# Lightning Talk

## MP* Midterms

MP* Students - Some stats: 14 students, I'm not take meeting minutes about people's involvement.

## The WTFPL

Fortran - Do what the fuck you want public licence 

## #include<[REDACTED]>

Anthony Mangiacapra - C++ include *

## #include "/dev/stdin"

Jsh - C include ?

# Project Updates

## Projects from the board

The Lab - Everything is being either given up on or has new progress!

# Announcements

## Senior Mugshots

Seniors - Seniors get your mugshots, eventually.

# After Meeting Slot

## Directed Studies Presentation: NLP, Gender Bias, Gender Bias in Human Languages

Esma/Marzieh - If you're interested in NLP goto that.



