---
layout: post
title: "Meeting Minutes: May 27th"
categories: minutes
---

# Forum Topics

## Next weeks platform

Chris - Next week we're going to try to meet with google meet

## COSI Lab moved around

# Lightning Talk

## Police bad FOIA good

Jsh - A project where people have been scrapping a police database in the name of accountability and transperenty

# Project Updates

## talks

reece - Reece has been doing some good work on talks2. It's missing things but it coming along great.

## info/

Caeleron - New documentation server for COSI.

# Announcements

# After Meeting Slot

## Tour of political research project code (remember to email Izzi)

Jsh - An extention to this week's research meeting


